# daily 2025.01.11



》to-do-list

- [ ] morning English Reading Out
- [ ] morning Running
- [x] physical exercise at night
- [ ] e-read and think deeply
- [ ] learn English （read ，remember )





》my day

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center;  margin: 0;">
    <audio controls style="outline: none;">
        <source src="./asset/20250111.m4a" type="audio/mpeg">
        Your browser does not support the audio element.
    </audio>
</div>

　　Hello, this is AXiang speaking. Today is January 11, 2025, and it was Saturday. 

　　First part, how do you feel about today? I was very tired today, and I will tell you later. 

　　Second part, what happened today? I get up about 8 a.m., and I make a breakfast. It was seen as yesterday's dinner. It's about roasted duck and egg fried rice. After I finished eating breakfast, I want to play badminton l. You know, I don't want to do anything but play badminton .

　　I go to the kitchen, and there is a place to see outside. Across there, I can see the  badminton court. And find there is some people playing there or not. And I do this for many times today.

　　I played three times. And the first time, I just played with two girls. You know, I'm living in "Konggang, Jiayuan, A". And there is still... There is always... Most of the time, there is no people to play the badminton. So I go to the "Konggang, Jiayuan, A". No, no, no. I go to the "Konggang, Jiayuan, C". And it was across the street. And I go to there, and I found two girls in a... No, no, no. I firstly... And look for the badminton court. And I found. And there was two badminton court. And the one is... And the one is just working. And two girls was playing there. The two girls' badminton skill is very low. Very, very low. You know, there is no one to play with. No one play with me. So I just... I just sacrificee myself to play with them. They... I don't play well. So I just playing for a while and left. 

　　And the second time, I played with a colleague. Yes, my company colleague. It's just when I got home and I met him. He said he want to take a walk But he see me holding a badminton... He just see me hold a... Yes, he see me just holding a badminton racket. And he said he want to play with me. And he can go upstairs and get his badminton racket. And so I said yes. It's a coincidence. And so I go back to the badminton court . So this is my second time to play badminton. And my company colleague's badminton skill is a little low. Yes. It's not very, very little low. It's just a little low. But he cann't win me. Yes. He cann't beat me. This is second time... 

　　The third time, I played with...Yes. elementary school students and a handsome boy. The handsome boy's badminton skill is good. Yes. But he didn't play it for a long time with me. We just..Yes. You know, we just played for a little time because he had to go home. But I had a lot of time. 

　　Okay. That's my three times I played badminton. And it was very hard. When I go home in the evening, I just make a... Make a... Make a... I just want to go to bed. Yes. I just want to go to bed. And I didn't want to wash my dishes. You know. I...After eating my dinner, I don't want to wash my dishes. I just want to go out, play badminton. But it must be... Must be washed. So I wash it and go to bed. Yes. That's my days.



》rethink

一些想法还真是稍纵即逝。

》comment

<div>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/gitalk@1/dist/gitalk.css">
        <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/gitalk@1/dist/gitalk.min.js"></script>
        <div id="gitalk-container"></div>
        <script type="text/javascript">
          var title = location.pathname.substr(0, 50);
          var gitalk = new Gitalk({
            clientID: 'Ov23lidaXQyTFfXqiRUe',
            clientSecret: '3d86cf80e14a18dd4541c1a50ef0806354f1cd0a',
            repo: '2025-year',
            owner: 'redqx',
            admin: ['redqx'],
            id: title,
            distractionFreeMode: false 
          });
          gitalk.render('gitalk-container');
        </script>
</div>

