# daily 2025.01.13



》to-do-list

- [ ] morning English Reading Out
- [ ] morning Running
- [x] physical exercise at night
- [ ] e-read and think deeply
- [ ] learn English （read ，remember )





》my day

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center;  margin: 0;">
    <audio controls style="outline: none;">
        <source src="./asset/20250113.m4a" type="audio/mpeg">
        Your browser does not support the audio element.
    </audio>
</div>

　　hello this is AXiang speaking. today is january 13th and it was 2025.

　　Monday is a week of beginning . this is a work day .yes , i do a little work and learning my english . about reading, i just do a little reading . I think this is  my fault . then i get off work .  there is a friend invite me to play the  badminton.  yes you know i just want to go home and make a dinner.  and when he called me to play the  badminton , i didn't eat eat anything ,and it was hungry for me . so i firstly boil some noodles and go go to  badminton court in a hurry . I found there is too many people playing there and i joined them . You know , there was two guys whose   badminton skill is very terrific ,  either badminton skills is excellent.  but better than me not much. yes , we didn't play with two guys for a long time . just um playing   two or three  times  with me , and then i played with other childrens,  or other girls,  you know their badminton skills  are very low . and than i  take a rest and  go home .

　　when i get home . i need to wash my dishes . you know i boil noodles and didn't brush my dishes .　

》rethink

说得真烂，QAQ.

和一些不会的美女打球真没意思。

》comment

<div>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/gitalk@1/dist/gitalk.css">
        <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/gitalk@1/dist/gitalk.min.js"></script>
        <div id="gitalk-container"></div>
        <script type="text/javascript">
          var title = location.pathname.substr(0, 50);
          var gitalk = new Gitalk({
            clientID: 'Ov23lidaXQyTFfXqiRUe',
            clientSecret: '3d86cf80e14a18dd4541c1a50ef0806354f1cd0a',
            repo: '2025-year',
            owner: 'redqx',
            admin: ['redqx'],
            id: title,
            distractionFreeMode: false 
          });
          gitalk.render('gitalk-container');
        </script>
</div>

