# daily 2025.01.14



》to-do-list

- [ ] get up early

- [ ] morning English Reading Out
- [ ] morning Running
- [ ] physical exercise at night
- [ ] e-read and think deeply
- [x] learn English （read ，remember )





》my day

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center;  margin: 0;">
    <audio controls style="outline: none;">
        <source src="./asset/20250114.m4a" type="audio/mpeg">
        Your browser does not support the audio element.
    </audio>
</div>



　　Hello, this is AXiang speaking. Today is January 14, 2025, and it was Tuesday. 

　　First part, how do you feel about today? From my opinion, I think it was ordinary,  the same as before. 

　　Second part, What happened today? Yes, I just tell about one thing.

　　We got off work and called a taxi from the mobile app. then the taxi arrived at our company's building. We got on the car. Along the way, the taxi driver took the initiative to chat with us. And we found the driver started his career for not a long time. And from his dressing, I found maybe he is a retired soldier. Yes.He talked a lot in the car. And I think this driver may be positive. Yes. Maybe. And maybe a positive and upbeat man in his life.

　　when the car stopped and waiting for the traffic light. And there was some food delivery man lining up there. And the taxi driver said to us, from his description,  What he wanted to express is that we can do the  food delivery man‘ work, but the thay can't do our work.  And he advises that young people should learn more knowledge and make a better life. Yes. Okay. I don't know. I don't know what to say. Okay, that's my day.

》rethink

时间没怎么安排好，导致荒废时间，没去运动。

》comment

<div>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/gitalk@1/dist/gitalk.css">
        <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/gitalk@1/dist/gitalk.min.js"></script>
        <div id="gitalk-container"></div>
        <script type="text/javascript">
          var title = location.pathname.substr(0, 50);
          var gitalk = new Gitalk({
            clientID: 'Ov23lidaXQyTFfXqiRUe',
            clientSecret: '3d86cf80e14a18dd4541c1a50ef0806354f1cd0a',
            repo: '2025-year',
            owner: 'redqx',
            admin: ['redqx'],
            id: title,
            distractionFreeMode: false 
          });
          gitalk.render('gitalk-container');
        </script>
</div>

