# daily 2025.01.12



》to-do-list

- [ ] morning English Reading Out
- [x] morning Running
- [ ] physical exercise at night
- [ ] e-read and think deeply
- [ ] learn English （read ，remember )





》my day

<div style="display: flex; justify-content: center; align-items: center;  margin: 0;">
    <audio controls style="outline: none;">
        <source src="./asset/20250112.m4a" type="audio/mpeg">
        Your browser does not support the audio element.
    </audio>
</div>

　　Hello, this is AXiang speaking. Today is January 12th, 2025, and it was Sunday. 

　　First part, how do you feel about today? It was the same as yesterday, it's just a sporting day.

　　About the morning, I just didn't remember what happened in the morning. And about the afternoon, I firstly played ping-pong ball, I didn't play ping-pong ball for a long time. And I found there was two people are playing there, than I join them. We played for about two hours,  then I just want to relax. Now, I can just take a rest and waiting for others to play the badminton with me.  A boy who called me and invite me to play the badminton with him. So I just agreed, and it was coincidence. Just I want to relax, and he just called me. So we make a point and play the badminton. When I arrived at the badminton court, I found there's a boy. And the boy whose badminton skills is good, yes. And I played with him, I played with him firstly. And I played badminton for a long time, you know. I just played until about 10 o'clock p.m. And then I go home. Yes, this is just about my day. I think it's very, yes, tired. And same as yesterday. Ok, bye.



》rethink

现在也是越来越不自律了，QAQ。

今天的描述简直就是一坨。

》comment

<div>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/gitalk@1/dist/gitalk.css">
        <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/gitalk@1/dist/gitalk.min.js"></script>
        <div id="gitalk-container"></div>
        <script type="text/javascript">
          var title = location.pathname.substr(0, 50);
          var gitalk = new Gitalk({
            clientID: 'Ov23lidaXQyTFfXqiRUe',
            clientSecret: '3d86cf80e14a18dd4541c1a50ef0806354f1cd0a',
            repo: '2025-year',
            owner: 'redqx',
            admin: ['redqx'],
            id: title,
            distractionFreeMode: false 
          });
          gitalk.render('gitalk-container');
        </script>
</div>

