## daily 2025.01.07

》to-do-list

- [ ] read and thinking for 2 hours  (❌ for about 45 minutes )
- [ ] doing sports for 1 hour (❌ no, I wear too much)
- [ ] learning  English  for 2hours  ( ❌just for one hour, no review the words, only watch TV play ) 



》my day

it's a rainy day, but the rain is not big .

I came across a video in these day for many times. It's about a successful individual returning to university to sharing something . Through  the vedio, I learned that doing a right thing is more important than working hard. So why ? A few mouths ago, I read a biography of WangXing who is the founder of MeiTuan Company.  I learned  that WangXing even didn't known how many workers in his company in the early stage of his company's operation . That sounds terrible  for a company , and even makes people think that this company has a chance of going bankrupt soon.  However ,MeiTuan has now developed into the largest life service company . Poor mangement in the early  stage did not lead to its failure , because WangXing choosed a  way which combine the life service with Internet .

So, choosing a right thing and stick to it!

I got home about 7:40 pm . I was super hungary . After I got off the car, I ran straightly to a stall to buy some food and that stall had my favorite food.  Than I went home with eating . 

 I live on the 14th floor and need to go up with the elevator . when I went to the -1th floor, there  were so many people. In the previous period ,  I basically had to wait two times to get on the elevator . But this time I don't want to wait a long time any more. So, how could  I do ? I went to the 1th floor , and waited for the elevator . I met a colleague there . She said hello to me, same as me. Through her, I learned  that some people even went to 3rd or 4th floor to wait for the elevator , that's amazing .

 I went to bad a little earl  to day, may i was so tired and it's a  rainy  day. Actually , I didn't want to go sleep, but too tired. Than I set an alarm for 1 hour and went back to sleep in my bad.

so, the result  was I woke up at 6:40 am, i just didn'n hear any sounds to get me up at night.



》rethink 

A bad day . Even  if I have a lot of time, i just didn't take use of it well. When I read a book for a little long time , I would feel bored and sleepy. So, find some interesting thing to stop this.



》comment

---

<div>
        <link rel="stylesheet" href="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/gitalk@1/dist/gitalk.css">
        <script src="https://cdn.jsdelivr.net/npm/gitalk@1/dist/gitalk.min.js"></script>
        <div id="gitalk-container"></div>
        <script type="text/javascript">
          var title = location.pathname.substr(0, 50);
          var gitalk = new Gitalk({
            clientID: 'Ov23lidaXQyTFfXqiRUe',
            clientSecret: '3d86cf80e14a18dd4541c1a50ef0806354f1cd0a',
            repo: '2025-year',
            owner: 'redqx',
            admin: ['redqx'],
            id: title,
            distractionFreeMode: false 
          });
          gitalk.render('gitalk-container');
        </script>
</div>
